Skip to main content
homepage
Life at BlackRock
Students & Graduates
Locations
BlackRock.com
Alumni Network
Saved Jobs (0)
Talent Community
Search Jobs
2027 Summer Internship Program - AMERS
Location:
New York, New York
Additional Locations:
AtlantaBostonChicagoMiamiMontrealNew YorkNewport BeachPrincetonSan FranciscoSanta MonicaSeattleToronto
See More
Team:
STUDENTS AND GRADUATES
Job Requisition #: 11986
Date posted: Jan. 15, 2026
Apply
Save job
Banner person image
Job description
Our Summer Internship Program is a nine-week internship taking place June through August.

This program is designed to provide students with a challenging, meaningful and supportive internship experience that replicates, as closely as possible, the experience of being a full-time BlackRock Analyst. The program begins with an orientation that offers a thorough overview of the firm and the opportunity to hear from a number of senior leaders.

Following orientation, interns receive on-the-job training and are given day-to-day responsibilities to contribute to their teams throughout the summer. Programming also features a speaker series, mentoring and various networking opportunities, including activities with our employee networks.

If you enjoy this program, you should explore our Full-Time Analyst Program, which you can consider applying to after your internship.

Who can apply:
Undergraduate or master’s students graduating between September 2027 and July 2028.

Important:
Candidates can apply for only one program (e.g., Summer Internship Program or Quantitative Master’s Internship Program) and up to two functions within that program (e.g., Investment Research and Analytics & Modeling). You must apply for both opportunities using the same program application.

If you withdraw your application, you cannot submit another application this program this year.

Next steps:
Once you submit your application, you will receive an email to complete a pre-interview assessment. You have up to five days to submit your pre-interview assessment; if you fail to do so, your application will be automatically withdrawn.


Guidance on AI use for candidates
At BlackRock, AI has long been part of how we work – enhancing decision-making, improving operations, and helping us deliver better outcomes for clients. We encourage candidates to use AI thoughtfully to learn, prepare, and work more effectively; but during our interview process, we want to focus on getting to know you through your own experiences, thinking, and judgment. To support you, we’ve provided guidance on when and how to use AI during our hiring process so you can approach each step with confidence and showcase your best self. Click here for more information.


We look forward to reviewing your application!




BlackRock is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace in compliance with the U.S. federal contractor program. We are committed to equal employment opportunity to all applicants and existing employees, and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity/expression), sexual orientation, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, marital status, political affiliation, religion, citizenship status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. View the EEOC's Know Your Rights poster. ( opens in new window)


BlackRock is committed to full inclusion of all qualified individuals and to providing reasonable accommodations or job modifications for individuals with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation/adjustments are needed throughout the employment process, please email Disability.Assistance@blackrock.com. All requests are treated in line with our privacy policy.


For California state, New York City, Washington state and Washington D.C. only: The salary ranges for these positions are below (in USD).  Please note, salary rates for a role are determined by department or team within a Business Area, as well as location of the role.

Business Areas	Salary Range (hourly rate)      
Client & Product Functions	$40.87 - $59.13
Corporate & Strategic Functions  	$43.26 - $59.13
Investments	$45.67 - $59.13
Operations	$43.26 - $60.10
Technology	$50.48 - $60.10
Analytics & Risk	$50.48 - $50.48

For Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, New Jersey, and Delaware only: The salary ranges for these positions are below (in USD).  Please note, salary rates for a role are determined by department or team within a Business Area, as well as location of the role.

Business Areas	Salary Range (hourly rate)      
Client & Product Functions	$38.46 - $53.37
Corporate & Strategic Functions  	$38.46 - $53.37
Investments	$40.87 - $53.85
Operations	$34.62 - $53.85
Technology	$40.87 - $53.85


For Montreal and Toronto only: The salary ranges for these positions are below (in CAD).  Please note, salary rates for a role are determined by department or team within a Business Area, as well as location of the role.

Business Area

Salary Range (hourly rate)

Client & Product Functions            	$38.97 - $41.03
Job Requisition #
11986
Apply
Save job

Share this job
Who we are icon
Learn about who we are
Culture icon
Learn about our culture
Benefits icon
Learn about our benefits
Map Icon
Explore this location
View Map
Jobs for you
Suggested jobs
View All of Our Available Opportunities
Recently viewed jobs
Saved jobs
Stay in the know
Sign up to get information on open roles, upcoming events and life at the firm – straight to your inbox.

Join our Talent Community for experienced professionals
Join our Talent Community for students & graduates
Learn more about BlackRock
About us
Leadership
Responsibility
Blackrock logo
As a global investment manager and fiduciary to our clients, our purpose at BlackRock is to help everyone experience financial well-being. Since 1999, we've been a leading provider of financial technology, and our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals.

CORPORATE
Careers
Newsroom
Investor relations
Sitemap
LEGAL
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Business continuity
FINRA BrokerCheck
Rule 606 Disclosure
BlackRock is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace in compliance with the U.S. federal contractor program. We are committed to equal employment opportunity to all applicants and existing employees, and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity/expression), sexual orientation, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, marital status, political affiliation, religion, citizenship status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. View the EEOC's Know Your Rights poster.

BlackRock is committed to full inclusion of all qualified individuals and to providing reasonable accommodations or job modifications for individuals with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation/adjustments are needed throughout the employment process, please email Disability.Assistance@blackrock.com. All requests are treated in line with our privacy policy.

