Go to navigation
Go to content
Go to search
BNP Paribas worldwide
Online Banking(Opens in a new tab)
FR
EN

The bank for a changing world

The Group


Our commitments


News & Mediaroom


Careers





You are
Click to display the search engine
Home All our job offers 2027 – Summer Assistant Vice President Internship - Corporate...
We are looking for
2027 – Summer Assistant Vice President Internship - Corporate Functions, Analytics Lab (Machine Learning Engineer)

Back to offers list
2027 – Summer Assistant Vice President Internship - Corporate Functions, Analytics Lab (Machine Learning Engineer)

Trainee / Internship
Full time
Jersey City, New Jersey, United States
Apply
(Opens in a new tab)
Job type
Trainee / Internship
Brand
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Schedule
Full time
Study level
Master Degree or equivalent (> 4 years)
Job Function
Digital transformation and data
Location
Jersey City, New Jersey, United States
(Opens in a new tab)
Reference
1234567890100115188
Apply
(Opens in a new tab)
Last update 21.07.2026
2027 Summer Assistant Vice President Internship - Corporate Functions, Analytics Lab (Machine Learning Engineer)

CIB Functions, Change and Solutions (Analytics Lab)

Location: Jersey City, NJ

Business Overview:
Change & Solutions is the team within BNP Americas in charge of facilitating the Transformation of the BNPP Platform. Strongly connected to our internal clients, we strive to provide comprehensive support to their transformative journey, from the initial consultation to the final execution.  

The Analytics Lab is the center of excellence in AI/Machine Learning within Change & Solutions serving the Americas region. The team is located both in Jersey City and Montreal, working closely with our internal clients to provide innovative and tailor-made AI solutions to improve our client knowledge, operations and reduce risks. The Lab is playing a central role in the evolution of traditional ML solutions to Generative AI and Agentic systems, enabling more autonomous, scalable, and intelligent business processes. 

The Lab is also proudly part of Analytics Consulting, a global team of international experts that builds AI solutions for CIB. Beyond the presence in Americas, you will have the chance to collaborate and participate in projects with people from Paris, Lisbon and London. 

If you are a bright and passionate AI expert looking to work at the forefront of machine learning and agentic AI, enjoy solving complex business problems, and strive for engineering excellence in a fast-paced and evolving environment, we offer a unique opportunity to grow and make a tangible impact! We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join our dream team! We offer excellent development prospects and the ability to develop your skills to the highest level in our team.

What You Will Need: 
Our internship programs are a springboard for college students to launch their careers through exciting and intellectually stimulating opportunities. 

They are highly driven, intellectually stimulating, and crafted to build your real-world capabilities. To succeed amongst our teams, we look for those with a strong academic story, sharp analytical skills, and the ability to articulate ideas well, to clients and colleagues alike.

Graduation year of Winter 2027 – Spring 2028
Master’s degree in MIS, Computer Science, Optimization, Statistics, Mathematics, or other quantitative related field 
Expertise in programming languages such as Python or C, database manipulation (SQL), statistical modeling, and data analysis techniques. 
Experience with LLMs based solution including ochestration frameworks and libraries used for LLM / agentic workflows (such as LangChain, CrewAI, Google ADK, OpenAI Agent SDK) 
Experience with machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, scikit-learn  
Experience designing or implementing retrieval pipelines, reranking, grounding, and evaluation approaches for RAG-based systems. 
Understanding LLMs strength and limits, including hallucination risks, reasoning limitations, context-window constraints, and latency / cost trade-offs. 
Experience with source control and release management (Git) 
Interest or experience in MLOps tools (e.g. DVC, MLFLow …) or CI/CD tools (e.g. Jenkins, Docker …) 
Positive, energetic, flexible and self-motivated team player with strong organizational skills 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and proficiency to interact professionally 
Very strong work ethic and ability to deal with confidential information 
What Does Our Summer Internship Program Look Like? 

At BNP Paribas, our people are our greatest asset, and we are committed to helping you grow from day one. The internship program is our primary source for hiring early talent into the Bank, providing you with the network and resources you need to build a successful career.

Over the course of the internship, you will acquire in-depth insight into BNP Paribas and gain valuable and practical experience. Whichever area you are placed in, you will join a team of award-winning specialists in a dynamic, collaborative environment. Through the program, interns have a distinct opportunity to gain guidance from mentors and exposure to senior leaders within the Bank.

As an Intern, you will:

Engage in an initial induction training that will set you up to succeed, and allow you to network with your intern class across all business divisions
Complete technical projects and collaborate with colleagues across the Bank, gaining exposure to real work in order to identify your skills and explore where your interests are aligned
Participate in a summer senior speaker series to gain a comprehensive understanding of financial markets and the industry
Network with colleagues and learn about industry topics, life at BNP Paribas and participate in philanthropy and social events
Compensation
The annualized base salary for this position in Jersey City, NJ is $150,000.

About BNP Paribas:
BNP Paribas is a leading bank in Europe with an international reach across the US, EMEA and APAC. It has a presence in 65 countries, with nearly 190,000 employees. The bank employs over 3,500 people in offices in the US across 10 states including New York, Jersey City, Chesterbrook, PA, San Francisco, Boston, Chicago, Denver, Miami, and Washington, DC. BNP Paribas has built a strong and diversified presence to support its client base. We continue to grow and strengthen our commitment to the US market through our Corporate & Institutional Banking(Opens in a new tab) activities. We are one of a few non-US banks to offer a full value chain for our clients, from trading to financing, and clearing and custody in the US with the international footprint and capacity to deliver both globally and locally. Leveraging the strength of our European roots, our network can support clients in virtually every region of the world, enabling more connectivity and efficiency wherever our clients conduct business. We take pride in our expertise and our ability to adapt while constantly looking ahead to create a more sustainable world.

As an international company with a global footprint, the unique cultures and viewpoints of our team members are an integral part of the fabric of BNP Paribas. We are a company with a purpose - to be a responsible and sustainable global leader. We aim to create an environment where our employees feel empowered to drive change, make an impact and be true to themselves. We employ talented individuals from a wide variety of backgrounds, locally and globally, and are inspired by our employees who help us in cultivating a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace through initiatives such as our Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI) Leadership Forum and Employee Resource Group (ERG) communities. We strive to be a workplace where all team members can grow and thrive and offer robust training, development, and mentoring opportunities to make that vision a reality. Our leaders are deeply committed to DEI and highly accessible to our employees, consistently soliciting feedback on how we can continue to support our employees to reach their highest potential. 

BNP Paribas. The Bank for a Changing World - https://usa.bnpparibas/en/homepage/join-us/our-opportunities/(Opens in a new tab)

BNP Paribas is committed to providing a work environment that fosters diversity, inclusion, and equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, gender, age, creed, sex, religion, national origin, disability (physical or mental), marital status, citizenship, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, or any other legally protected status.

Protect yourself from fraudulent job postings. Emails about jobs at BNP Paribas will always come from addresses ending @bnpparibas.com @us.bnpparibas.com, @ca.bnpparibas.com, or @br.bnpparibas.com. You should be suspicious of emails regarding employment with BNP Paribas coming from any other domains and should not respond. BNP Paribas will never send payments to or request payments from candidates for positions posted by BNP Paribas.  

Offers you may be interested in
Trainee / Internship
Data Analytics & Project Management Intern
Montreal, Quebec, Canada
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Trainee / Internship
Machine Learning Intern - Fall 2026
Montreal, Quebec, Canada
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Trainee / Internship
2027 – Summer Analyst Internship - Corporate Functions, Technology
Jersey City, New Jersey, United States
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
More job offers
Share this page!

Share on X (Twitter), opens in a new tab
Share on LinkedIn, opens in a new tab
Share on Facebook, opens in a new tab
Go back to the top
Cotation

107.88€ +0.28%
2026-07-28 09:40 (Paris time)
(Opens in a new tab)
Publications

Compliance
Corporate Philanthropy
CSR
Finance(Opens in a new tab)
Group
Human Ressources
Direct Access

Whistleblowing(Opens in a new tab)
RSS Feeds
PSD2 APIs store
Contact us
Follow us on

 Linkedin(Opens in a new tab)
 Youtube(Opens in a new tab)
 Instagram(Opens in a new tab)
 X (Twitter)(Opens in a new tab)
BNP Paribas
The bank for a changing world

Legal notices
Data Protection
Cookies settings
Cookie policy
Accessibility : partially compliant
Sitemap
© BNP Paribas - 2026