Skip Navigation
Tepper School of Business - Home
 Home
 Profile
 Application Materials
 Target Employers
 Employers
 Contacts
 Tasks
 Activity Stream
 Research Tools
 Interviews/Job Listings
 Events
 Resume Books
 Resource Library
 Help & Support
Charuchith Ranjit
McKinsey & Company's Logo
Associate Intern 

McKinsey & Company
 Flexible/Negotiable
 Internship
 3 weeks ago  Apply By: 11/13/2026, 10:29am IST
Please Note: This opportunity comes from the 12twenty network. Before preparing your application, please confirm that the external posting is still open for application. You can access the external posting via the “Apply” button.
Job Details
Employer
McKinsey & Company
Location
Flexible/Negotiable
Functions
Consulting & Strategy (includes M&A), Customer Success, Sales & Solutions Engineering, Cybersecurity & Information Security, Executive Leadership & General Management, Finance (Corporate, FP&A, Treasury), Healthcare - Clinical Care, IT Systems, Networking & Cloud, Logistics, Supply Chain & Procurement, Manufacturing, Production & Quality Assurance, Operations Management
Industries
Consulting
Salary
--
Type of Job
Summer Internship
Job Description
MBA application deadline for full-time role: November 12, 2026 at 11:59 pm local time. Please submit your application and resume through the McKinsey Careers site. A cover letter is not required.

Do you want to do work that matters, alongside supportive leaders who will help you grow faster than you ever thought possible? Are you a creative problem-solver who is energized by challenges? You’ve come to the right place.

YOUR IMPACT

As an associate intern, you will join a client service team for 8-10 weeks, contributing to workstreams to help solve some of the toughest challenges our clients face.

And these aren’t just any clients—they're some of the most influential organizations around, from Fortune 500 giants to innovative startups. We will expect you to go the extra mile, delivering solutions that solve immediate problems and drive long-term change. And we’ll rely on your judgment and integrity to ensure our recommendations are effective and long-lasting.

You will take on a role that goes beyond advising. You’ll be at the heart of the action—helping to uncover the true challenges behind a client’s strategy and creating actionable plans that drive real change. Working alongside clients and other McKinsey colleagues, you’ll combine research, analyzing data, interviews, and brainstorming to generate fresh insights and breakthrough solutions. Your commitment to our values will be crucial in earning our clients' trust and delivering results that matter.

As you collaborate directly with clients, you’ll help them solve problems, refine strategies, and implement transformations. By equipping them with the tools and knowledge to continue innovating and improving after we’ve left, you’ll ensure the impact of our work endures. In doing so, you’ll uphold McKinsey’s commitment to making a meaningful difference in the industries and communities we serve.

YOUR GROWTH

Driving lasting impact and building long-term capabilities with our clients is not easy work. You are the kind of person who thrives in a high performance/high reward culture - doing hard things, picking yourself up when you stumble, and having the resilience to try another way forward.

In return for your drive, determination, and curiosity, we'll provide the resources, mentorship, and opportunities you need to become a stronger leader faster than you ever thought possible. Your colleagues—at all levels—will invest deeply in your development, just as much as they invest in delivering exceptional results for clients. Every day, you'll receive apprenticeship, coaching, and exposure that will accelerate your growth in ways you won’t find anywhere else.

When you join us, you will have:

Continuous learning: Our learning and apprenticeship culture, backed by structured programs, is all about helping you grow while creating an environment where feedback is clear, actionable, and focused on your development. The real magic happens when you take the input from others to heart and embrace the fast-paced learning experience, owning your journey.
A voice that matters: From day one, we value your ideas and contributions. You’ll make a tangible impact by offering innovative ideas and practical solutions, all while upholding our unwavering commitment to ethics and integrity. We not only encourage diverse perspectives, but they are critical in driving us toward the best possible outcomes.
Global community: With colleagues across 65+ countries and over 100 different nationalities, our firm’s diversity fuels creativity and helps us come up with the best solutions for our clients. Plus, you’ll have the opportunity to learn from exceptional colleagues with diverse backgrounds and experiences.
World-class benefits: On top of a competitive salary (based on your location, experience, and skills), we provide a comprehensive benefits package to enable holistic well-being for you and your family.
YOUR QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS

Typically enrolled in advanced graduate degree program (e.g., MBA, PhD, etc.); Requirements may vary by country or practice.
Excellent organization capabilities, including the ability to initiate tasks independently and see them through to completion.
Strong communication skills, both verbal and written, in English and local office language(s), with the ability to adjust your style to suit different perspectives and seniority levels.
Proficient in rational decision making based on data, facts, and logical reasoning.
Ability to create work product-focused materials / outputs, which may include PowerPoint decks, Excel models, articles, or other written deliverables.
Exceptional time management to meet your responsibilities in a complex and largely autonomous work environment.
Ability to work or attend meetings outside of traditional business hours or take on projects with limited or no notice at times.
Ability to travel to and work in varying environments that may be challenging and/or not accessible (e.g., factories, hospitals, mines).
Application Methods
Apply via Site
Yes
Apply Externally
Yes
External ID
--
Apply via E-Mail
No
Application Documents
Resume (Required)
Job Dates
Application Begins On
07/04/2026, 5:30am IST
Application Deadline
11/13/2026, 10:29am IST
Anticipated Job Start Date
--
How do you plan on reviewing your applicants?
I will wait until the end of the application period to review all of the applicants
Primary Contact
Name
-- 
Job Title
-- 
Email
--
Phone
-- 
Address
-- 
City
-- 
Zip Code
-- 
Work Authorization
Work Authorization
All Work Authorizations Accepted
Additional Details & Eligibility
Industries
Consulting: Management/Strategy, Consulting: Technology
Functions
Consulting: Internal, Consulting: Management/Strategy, Finance: Accounting, Finance: Analytics, Finance: Asset Management, Finance: Corporate (Analysis/Treasury), Finance: Investment Banking, Finance: Modeling, Finance: Research, Finance: Risk Management, Finance: Sales & Trading, Finance: Structured Products, Finance: Other, General Mgmt: General/LDPs, General Mgmt: Project Management, General Mgmt: Strategic Planning/Bus. Development, IS/IT: Management, IS/IT: Programming/Software Development, POM: Operations Management, POM: Production Management, POM: Purchasing, POM: Supply Chain Management/Logistics
Type of Job
Internship
Student Group
All Student Groups
12twenty Job IQ
We found 29 post graduation jobs from McKinsey & Company at your school (Full-Time MBA) 

Hires 
 Top 25 Hiring Employer at Tepper

Over the last year 
8
#2 of Top 100
Last 5 Years 
29
#3 of Top 100
Compensation 
Median Salary 
$192,000
25% vs. All Employers
Median Signing Bonus 
$30,000
--
Receive Relocation Reimbursement 
69%
Median Relocation Reimbursement 
$7,550
Salary Trends 
Offer Timing 
Job Source
School - Summer Internship through Schoo... More
46% (12)
School - Job Postings
27% (7)
School - Other
12% (3)
Self - Own Research
8% (2)
Self - Other
8% (2)
Work Authorization
 100% of offers reported work authorization

Non-Permanent Work Authorization
66% (19)
Permanent Work Authorization
34% (10)
