Paramount Careers Logo
Benefits & Perks
 
Jobs 
 
Global Inclusion
 
Internships
 
View Profile
 
Employee Login
Search by Keyword or Req ID 
Search by Location 
Click Here to Search by Job Function
 
Select how often (in days) to receive an alert: 
7
 
SVP, Corporate Strategy
46229
Los Angeles, CA, US, 90038 New York, NY, US, 10036
Business Development
Los Angeles
Full-Time
On-Site
#WeAreParamount on a mission to unleash the power of content… you in?
We’ve got the brands, we’ve got the stars, we’ve got the power to achieve our mission to entertain the planet – now all we’re missing is… YOU! Becoming a part of Paramount means joining a team of passionate people who not only recognize the power of content but also enjoy a touch of fun and uniqueness. Together, we co-create moments that matter – both for our audiences and our employees – and aim to leave a positive mark on culture.

 
Overview: 
The Corporate Strategy team supports Paramount’s CEO, CFO, CSO, Senior Leadership Team, and Board with insights and analysis that inform decisions on long-term company strategy.  This includes ad hoc strategy projects, analysis to inform content exploitation decisions, support for the board process, and coordination of activity in areas of emerging technology such as NFTs. The team includes a mix of strategy professionals and data scientists, and works on high-profile projects across Paramount’s global businesses, playing a key role in driving the company’s long-term success in streaming and company-wide.
 
This new position will report to the SVP, Corporate Strategy, and play a key leadership role within the group, partnering with the EVP, Corporate Development and the SVP, Strategic Alliances, and working with stakeholders across the company to develop and execute strategy projects. 
 
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Execute on strategic projects identified by the CEO, CFO, CSO, and senior leaders.
Own projects end-to-end and take responsibility for delivering on project goals and objectives, including aligning key stakeholders behind a solution.
Develop quantitative modeling approaches and work with team members to develop analytical models to inform key decisions – taking a hands-on approach.
Directly and indirectly manage more junior strategy team resources to deliver against project goals while mentoring them to develop in their careers.
Present project findings and options to audiences up to and including C-level.
Maintain a strong understanding of the media and entertainment landscape, Paramount businesses, and competitive trends, and proactively identify strategic opportunities. 
 

Basic Qualifications:
15+ years of experience in corporate strategic planning, divisional strategy roles, strategy consulting, or other relevant professional services experience.
Extensive Media/Entertainment industry experience required.
Streaming experience strongly preferred.
Experience of key international markets preferred.
BA/BS degree from top university/college required.
MBA or similar advanced degree from top university/college preferred.
 

Additional Qualifications:
Highly analytical, able to synthesize data and develop insightful narratives.
Long-term strategic thinker, able to weigh multiple qualitative and quantitative inputs in developing strategic options.   
Thought leader with a strong understanding of the media and entertainment industry – keeps up to date with the latest developments in the market and the opportunities they present.
Results-oriented with the ability to lead multiple projects at a time in a fast-paced environment to achieve desired results.
Superlative written and verbal communication skills, able to convey information concisely and yet with nuance, to a variety of audiences up to and including C-level.
Highly developed influencing skills and the ability to build constructive relationships at all levels in the organization.
Comfortable managing in a matrixed environment and dealing with change while keeping focused on long-term goals. 
Actively seeks diverse views and fosters an inclusive and collaborative team environment.
 


Founded in 1912, Paramount Pictures works with talented filmmakers to produce and distribute entertainment around the world. The film studio’s iconic logo has opened some of the most successful and beloved films in cinematic history, including timeless classics such as The Godfather, Chinatown, Forrest Gump and Titanic; and blockbuster franchises such as Star Trek, Transformers, Mission: Impossible and Sonic the Hedgehog. Recent, innovative, break-out films such as The Wolf of Wall Street, Arrival, Rocketman, and A Quiet Place have added to Paramount’s film legacy. With a beautiful 65-acre lot in the heart of Hollywood, a worldwide network of offices and a culture of engagement, Paramount Pictures’ passionate employees ensure the studio continues to deliver creativity and innovation to a dynamic industry. Paramount Pictures controls a collection of some of the most powerful brands in filmed entertainment, including Paramount Pictures, Paramount Animation, and Paramount Players. PPC operations also include Paramount Home Entertainment, Paramount Pictures International, Paramount Licensing Inc., and Paramount Studio Group. Paramount Pictures is a subsidiary of Paramount, which connects with billions of people worldwide through its global brands including MTV, CBS, Paramount Network, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, BET and streaming service Paramount+.

 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

 

 

Hiring Salary Range: $400,000.00 - 430,000.00. 

 

The hiring salary range for this position applies to New York, California, Colorado, Washington state, and most other geographies. Starting pay for the successful applicant depends on a variety of job-related factors, including but not limited to geographic location, market demands, experience, training, and education.  The benefits available for this position include medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, life insurance coverage, disability benefits, tuition assistance program and PTO or, if applicable,  as otherwise dictated by the appropriate Collective Bargaining Agreement. This position is bonus eligible.  

 

What We Offer:
Attractive compensation and comprehensive benefits packages. Check out our full list of benefits here: https://www.paramount.com/careers/benefits
Generous paid time off.
An exciting and fulfilling opportunity to be part of one of Paramount’s most dynamic teams.
Opportunities for both on-site and virtual engagement events.
Unique opportunities to make meaningful connections and build a vibrant community, both inside and outside the workplace.
Explore life at Paramount: https://www.paramount.com/careers/life-at-paramount
 

Paramount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet.

 

At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status.

 

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to paramountaccommodations@paramount.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.


 Careers HomeView All JobsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyCalifornia NoticeSustainability & ESGYour Privacy ChoicesEqual Opportunity EmployerReasonable AccommodationContactOpens in a new tab.Opens in a new tab.Opens in a new tab.Opens in a new tab.Opens in a new tab.
© 2026 Paramount Skydance Corporation